added example for 1000 "words" limitation per attribute (#1131)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/core_concepts/documents.md

Every field has a [data type](/reference/under_the_hood/datatypes.md) dictated by its value. Every value must be a valid [`JSON` data type](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_datatypes.asp).

You can also apply [<clientGlossary word="ranking rules" />](/learn/core_concepts/relevancy.md#ranking-rules) to some fields. For example, you may decide recent movies should be more relevant than older ones.

If you would like to adjust how a field gets handled by MeiliSearch, you can do so in the [settings](/reference/features/settings.md#settings).

> Take note that in the case of strings, the value **[can contain at most 1000 positions](/reference/features/known_limitations.md#maximum-words-per-attribute)**. Words exceeding the 1000 position limit will be ignored.

Author: Should I modify the examples to include this?
If your query is `Hello World`

- `Hello` takes the position `0` of the attribute and is the first word
- `World` takes the position `1` of the attribute and is the second word

### Example

If your query is `Hello World`

> - `Hello` takes the position `0` of the attribute

Reviewer: It seems correct to me to speak of attribute in this case. In a more general way to join what @curquiza said, I am afraid that it adds complexity to go into details about the limit.

We are working on removing this limit for Q4. Have you had a lot of feedback about this limit (I've seen it a few times, especially because users have to split one attribute into multiple attributes to overcome this limit)? Does the explanation make a difference to the user?

> - `Hello` takes the position `0` of the attribute

Reviewer 2: I agree with @gmourier, this brings complexity in this first approach of the MeiliSerch documents

- `World` takes the position `1` of the attribute

> If your query is `Hello, World`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If your query is `Hello, World`:
```

- `Hello` takes the position `0` of the attribute
- `,` takes the position `8` of the attribute
- `World` takes the position `9` of the attribute

> `,` takes 8 spaces as it is a hard separator, you can read more about it [here](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/under_the_hood/datatypes.html#string).

Reviewer 3: What do you think about having this inside a `note` container? Is it too much?

I would separate these two clauses into two separate sentences as the comma feels too colloquial here.

Also, personal preference: I try to  avoid using `here` as the text of a link because it gives the reader very little information on what they're going to find. Not super important in this case, though.

What do you think about this:

```suggestion
::: note
`,` takes 8 spaces as it is a hard separator. You can read more about word separators in our [article about datatypes](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/under_the_hood/datatypes.html#string).
:::
```

Author: Why didn't I think of that, yeah the note container is a good idea
Will keep the here thing in mind for future changes

> If your query is `Hello - World`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If your query is `Hello - World`:
```

- `Hello` takes the position `0` of the attribute
- `-` takes the position `1` of the attribute
- `World` takes the position `2` of the attribute

> `-` takes 1 space as it is a soft separator, you can read more about it [here](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/under_the_hood/datatypes.html#string).

Reviewer 3: Same as above.

```suggestion
::: note
`-` takes 1 space as it is a soft separator. You can read more about word separators in our [article about datatypes](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/under_the_hood/datatypes.html#string).
:::
```
